listen I want to talk about this movie
that I randomly kind of Netflix called
cam you know you usually find a movie to
stream and it starts off super
interesting you're enjoying it you're
all in and that ending just wraps up and
it doesn't really stick the landing well
I personally think that this one is a
solid rented almost even a junior price
because even though a lot of people may
look at that ending and think it's a
cop-out I personally think it delivers
for big reasons let me explain so we
started off with Alice who works as a
cam girl and is making Bank off of what
she does and then decides to kill
herself in a live stream like I get to
listen drink bleach in the comments
every day doesn't mean I'm gonna do
anything to get views that's guy has a
big premise of this movie how people
online get thirsty for likes they want
to get the number one spot and are
willing to do everything and I know that
not everyone may be a cam girl I
personally don't have a let me expose
that y'all know about but you can swab
out that profession for anything it
could be an Instagram model a youtuber
any artist that has any interaction with
social media because it's something that
they need in order to maintain relevancy
and even for those who don't see it as
real jobs yo this girl reminds you that
she's getting paid real money she has
her own schedule she's got her own place
she's shopping for those couches at IKEA
you're not allowed to sit on these cam
girls are making more than people with
the grease however she's still keeping
it a secret from her mom who thinks that
she has a sugar daddy while her brother
understands her reasons and keeps it a
secret until she finds her clients on
the street is everything okay
you should come now whatever my cartoon
self goes out in Chicago and someone
goes hey you're the listen guy it
catches me off guard but imagine seeing
two dudes who are busting it to you in
real life or a lot of people don't get
with online personas is how much of a
competition things are like I think
there's room for a bunch of reviewers
and people should watch different
perspectives but some girls want to find
you so they could keep all the views of
themself
this girl's goal is to break top 50 but
the moment she does there's this rival
cam girl who's promising to strip if
they can drop Lola down ten steps and
then she logs out when they drop her
nine there's a whole convent area that
can be said about how this competition
can get to your head and the movie
really gets into your head Alice gets
hacked and can't get into her own
accounts as she notices
that they're replaying one of our old
shows that's why when she calls customer
service they're all like nah girl your
life right now I'm gonna give you the
password so the craziest part is when
she logs in on the dummy account to warn
the viewers and hello T PI how Alice
finds out that all these live streams
from Lola two have never been a part of
her past recordings but they're new ones
that are mimicking what some of the
popular streamers have done and after
realizing that one of her accomplices
for her crazy stunts the dude who was
helping her before he creepily moved
near her is friends with all these
people she pulls up on that dude and
realizes that this thing doesn't even
recognize her now two things I've heard
people say that they think this is like
unfriended that perhaps it's a hacker or
a demon glitch that takes her accounts
over but the director I had mentioned
that there was a sequence that was cut
out on how Alice finds all of these
servers that are building up all this
information because Lola too is just a
crazy algorithm now for me that's kind
of scarier than any ghost considering
considering that while you're watching
this video an algorithm is being worked
on you you've seen it put to use when
you watch recommended YouTube videos
Netflix changes their thumbnails
depending on what you tend to click when
you talk about baseball and all of a
sudden you get an ad even though it's
the offseason yeah imagine what happens
when the algorithm gets used against you
like the entire goal of Lola 2 was to
please the viewers so she's literally
ripping off whatever made the popular
people go poppin she started doing
things that Alice wasn't even doing in
order to attract more viewers and even
the way she captured Alice was creepy
because Alice was missing a lot of
viewers considering that she had to
sleep Lola to just gets a 3d render from
all of the past streams and is able to
go 24/7 to attract the most viewers and
trust me I know what happens when you
take a week off so when I say algorithms
gone wild is a scary thing I mean it
because it's already happening I don't
know if you guys heard about Jet Li how
mom man stopped making Hollywood movies
because they wanted to motion capture
all of his moves so they can then cast
him
without casting him yeah there's a whole
movie about this stuff and it's crazy
Alice is able to take down Lola too
because she isn't a pattern that can be
spontaneous she's able to trick the
algorithm into giving her back her
password deletes that channel and then
later on because she loves what she's
doing
starts a new one titled eva since she
started from the beginning i personally
love the angle of the AI being the one
to take control because now i'm super
scared that every time i log in all I'm
gonna see is a clone Ella me PO stand up
for me and sometimes I check out the
channels tags and it seems like that's
already happening but those themes about
how creators get swept by social media
is huge maybe you can see the movie as
the struggle that goes on in your mind
in order to please her fans in order to
reach that number and I think that's
valid I mean I'm sure most of us know a
lot of youtubers who aren't robots yet
they still act like an algorithm yet the
biggest lesson overall is how crucial it
is and learning to separate all that of
not letting it take you over of not
going out and quitting what you love to
do because of all the pressure it's
understanding that our online personas
are just that personas accept me y'all
know I'm a legit cartoon I think you
have to checking out this video I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section I don't know if
you guys have caught this movie but it
is on Netflix I think it's pretty
interesting especially when you hear
about things that movie studios are
going to be hiring AI in order to kind
of look through trailers so anytime the
AI isn't stimulated they're gonna I
don't know cut it up and add noises or a
spoiler or something it's crazy out
there we see it in everything that we do
but if I were you I would listen to the
AI and click the next video so you can
see more of the LME stuff that we've got
up don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll give you your
password back